Privacy Policy
 
Privacy Policy
The following privacy policy is being published in accordance with the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 ("IT ACT"), Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011, Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011.

This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Settings and our Help Center.
 
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out how we collect, use and disclose your data when you use our website https://PdfScanner.in (“Website”) and/or mobile application called ‘PdfScanner’ (“App”). The Website and App are collectively referred to as the “Platform”. References to “we”, “our” or “us” or the “Company” shall mean the Platform and/or KickHead Softwares Pvt. Ltd. Any references to “you”, “your” or “user” shall mean any person or entity using our Platform. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
 
This Privacy Policy is a part of and is to be read with the PdfScanner  terms of use (“Terms”) and our PdfScanner Cookie Policy. By using this Platform, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. You also consent to our use and disclosure of your Personal Information (as defined below) in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. The capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy but not defined herein, shall have the meaning given to such words in the Terms. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this privacy policy, please do not use this platform.
Change
PdfScanner (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
 
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU
 
 
When you use the Platform by way of registration, log in, creation of a user account or creation of a post etc. or by way of interaction via third party websites and/or mobile applications or by way of any other communication with the Platform, PdfScanner may collect your personally identifiable information including name, date of birth, gender, demographic information, photos, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile phone number, credit card or debit card details, geographic location, mailing address, social media account details including list of contacts/friends.
PdfScanner will use this information to validate you as a user when using the Platform, to provide the Service to you, including administration of your user account, to notify you of changes to the Service or about any changes to our terms and conditions or this privacy policy, to manage its business, including financial reporting and billing of its Service, for the development of new products and services, to send you newsletters, offers and promotion coupons to market and advertise its products and services by email, to comply with applicable laws, court orders and government enforcement agency requests, for research and analytic purposes including to improve the quality of the Service and to ensure that the Service is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
By registering on the Platform, you agree and confirm your consent to providing PdfScanner with your aforementioned personal information, which is lawful, necessary and permissible. You at all times have the right to discontinue the use of the Platform. PdfScanner is not liable to provide you with its Services in the absence of or your refusal to provide the aforesaid information. Additionally, PdfScanner is not liable to ensure or maintain the same quality of its Services to you, as it may for a user who provides all aforementioned information.
Any information provided by you under PdfScanner "create a post" feature, comments, upvotes or otherwise any information that you provide on the Platform is not personal information and shall become part of PdfScanner’s published content. PdfScanner may use the aforementioned information without your consent for purposes including but not limited to improving its products and services, developing new products and services and sending you messages about promotions and offers.
We receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list).If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
We collect your phone number and request access to the SMSes on your phone by sending you a One-Time-Password (“OTP”), which you confirm by entering the OTP to confirm your identity, while registering with our Platform.
We collect the content of any communications between you and another user, when you use any chat feature on the Platform. This is stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to. However, we do not monitor your chat data, take any action based on your chat data or disclose it to any third party.
Any information that you provide to our customer support team regarding any assistance or support that you may require for using our Platform from time to time.
 
Device Data includes without limitation, the following:
Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.
Device operations: information about operations and behaviours performed on the device, such as whether a window is foreground or background.
Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games, apps or accounts you use.
Device signals:  We may collect your Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers.
Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.
Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address and connection speed.
Application: Any mobile applications that are stored on your mobile device.
Media: We access the media gallery on your mobile device, including without limitation, images, videos and audio files and the storage space on your phone. However, we shall always obtain your consent before accessing your images and you shall have the option to deny us such access.
Any information that you provide to us in submitting an entry to any contest which may be offered on the Platform from time to time.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “Company Page” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
 
DATA FROM OTHERS
 
 
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. Unless you opt-out, we collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments (e.g., patents granted, professional recognition, conference speakers, projects, etc.) and make it available as part of our Services (e.g. suggestions for your profile, or notifications to others of mentions in the news).
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners.
 
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
 
 
As further described in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more. You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes.
 
 
YOUR DEVICE AND LOCATION
 
 
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
 
 
HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA
 
 
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings. We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others.
 
 
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you.
 
You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
 
We use your data for the following reasons:
 
 
To set up and facilitate log-in to a user account on Platform;
To notify you about changes to the Platform, including this Privacy Policy;
To facilitate communication, including provision of user support;
To enforce our terms, conditions, and policies and any of our rights, or the rights of our affiliate companies, or other users of the Platform;
To develop new services and improve the existing services and the Platform and integrate user feedback and requests;
To provide language and location based personalization;
To administer the Platform and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection, account management, and survey purposes;
To better understand how you use and access the Platform and to improve the user experience on the Platform;
For customizing your “Mera Mohalla” and “Lokpriya” feeds;
To pseudonymised and aggregate your information, including Personal Information, for conducting user demographic analysis on items such as region, phone model, operating system platform, system language, and the Platform version in order to better understand how our users are using Platform;
To pseudonymised and aggregate your information, including Personal Information, for collection of web and account traffic statistics of what content and services are used when users access third-party services on the Platform;
To assess effectiveness of and improve advertising and other marketing and promotional activities.
To provide you quick access to your previous searches. To use analytics for personalization and showing you targeted advertisements.
To verify your identity and for maintaining your account security.
To facilitate delivery of communication to another user.
For security, fraud-detection and account management (such as to ensure that there are no multiple log-ins or suspicious log-ins on your account);
To provide you with location-based services that you choose to use
To facilitate the sharing of any media such as audios, videos, and images using the Platform;
To customise our Platform to suit your mobile device;
Understand whether there is enough storage space on your device to be able to download any content from the Platform for the purposes of sharing via WhatsApp and/or Facebook;
To optimise your user experience on our Platform;
To facilitate the sharing of any content on the Platform via the applications downloaded on your mobile device;
To verify your identity so as to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies;
To improve the Platform.
 
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
 
We disclose your information in the following manner:
 
 
Content visible to others
 
 
Public content i.e. any content you post on your user profile or on another user’s profile, such as a post comment, is accessible to everyone, including search engines. Any information you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Platform, including your profile page information, is accessible to anyone. When you submit, post or share the content that you choose to make public, on the Platform, it may be re-shared by others. You should consider who you choose to share it with, because people who can see your activity on our Platform can choose to share it with others on and off our Platform, including people outside the audience you shared it with. For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific users of our Platform or accounts, they can download or re-share that content with other users across or off our Platform. Also, when you comment on someone else's post or like their content, your comment or like is visible to anyone who can see the other person's content.
 
 
Users can also use our Platform to create and share content about you with the audience that they choose, such as posting a photo of you, or tagging you in any of their posts. We reserve the right to share all public content on any social media site or any other online or offline platform. We will never rent or sell your Personal Information to third parties, except on an anonymized basis, unless expressly provided in these Terms.
 
 
Sharing with our Group of Companies
 
 
We may share your Personal Information with any member of our Group. The term “Group” shall mean any entity that is controlled by us, or any entity that is in control of us, or any entity that is under common control with us, whether directly or indirectly.
 
 
 
What you Share with Others
 
 
When you share content and communicate using our Platform, you choose the audience for what you share. For example, when you post any content from our Platform on Facebook, you select the audience for the post, such as a friend, a group of friends or all of your friends. Similarly, when you use WhatsApp or any other application on your mobile device to share the content on our Platform, you choose who you share the content with. We do not control and shall not be liable for the manner, in which such persons (with whom you choose to share content via any sharing options, such as WhatsApp or Facebook, available on the Platform) use the information that you share with them.
 
 
Sharing with Third Parties
 
We may share your information (including Personal Information) with select third parties including:
 
· Business partners, suppliers and subcontractors (“Affiliates”). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service and Affiliates’ own services for the performance of any contract we enter into with you.
 
· Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that any given number of women in a specified age group clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target.
 
· Government bodies or law enforcement agencies, if we have good-faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to share your personal data or information in order to comply with any legal obligation or any government request; or to protect the rights or prevent any harm to the property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or public; or to detect, prevent or otherwise address public safety, fraud, security or technical issues.
 
We may also disclose your information (including Personal Information) to select third parties in the following circumstances:  
 
 
· If the Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets such that your information would be transferred or become subject to a different Privacy Policy, we will notify you in advance so you can opt out of any such new policy by deleting your account before transfer.
 
Security Practices
 
 
We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to secure the information collected by us. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and password which enables you to access the Platform, you are responsible for keeping these details confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
 
 
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
 
 
We store your data with Amazon Web Services cloud platform provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (headquartered at 410 Terry Ave. N Seattle, Washington 98109, USA) and also on Google Cloud Platform provided by Google LLC (headquartered at 1101 S Flower St, Burbank, California 91502, USA) on their servers located in India and abroad. Both Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform implement security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information, details of which are available at https://aws.amazon.com/ and https://cloud.google.com/. The privacy policies adopted by Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform are available at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr  and  https://policies.google.com/privacy.
 
 
Disclaimer
 
 
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
 
 
How can I manage or delete information about me?
 
 
You are free to remove or delete content from your user account/profile and your account/ profile at any point in time. However, the history of your activities and account on our Platform remains available to us.
You may correct, amend, add or delete Personal Information from your account at any time by logging in and visiting your profile page. As noted above, you may opt out from unwanted email communications from us by following the instructions in the message. However, until your account is deleted you will continue to receive all system emails.
Under Section 5(6) of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 (“Rules”), you have a right to ask us to review, correct and amend the information we collect about you at any point in time. Under Section 5(7) of the Rules, you also have the right to revoke your consent to the collection of your information going forward. However, please note that revoking your consent may negatively affect your use of the Platform. For instance, we need access to your mobile device’s media folder and camera so that you can click pictures from your mobile device and post them on the Platform, which functionality will not be available to you if you do not provide us such access. You may also ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise any of these rights at any time by contacting us at 
 
However, we require a reasonable period of 30 (thirty) days to comply with any of your requests.
 
When you delete your account, we delete things that you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover this information later. Information that others have shared about you isn't part of your account and won't be deleted. If you don't want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead.
 
Data Retention
We do not retain your Sensitive Personal Information (defined below in this paragraph) for longer than is required for the purposes for which the information may be lawfully used. For any other content, we will entertain your request for deletion, however, there is a strong possibility that copies of any public content will be retained indefinitely in our systems, including in cached and archived pages of the Platform, or if other users have copied or saved that information. In addition, due to the nature of the internet, copies of your content, including content that you have removed or deleted from your account, may also exist elsewhere on the Internet and be retained indefinitely. “Sensitive Personal Information” shall mean passwords and any other information that is classified as sensitive under Section 3 of the Rules.
 
Third Party Links
The Platform may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, Affiliates and/or any other websites or mobile applications. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or mobile applications.
 
Third-Party Embeds
 
What Are Third Party Embeds?
Some of the content that you see displayed on the Platform is not hosted by the Platform. These “embeds” are hosted by a third-party and embedded in the Platform. For example: YouTube or Vimeo videos, Imgur or Giphy gifs, SoundCloud audio files, Twitter tweets, or Scribd documents that appear within a post on the Platform. These files send data to the hosted site just as if you were visiting that site directly (for example, when you load a Platform post page with a YouTube video embedded in it, YouTube receives data about your activity).
 
Privacy Concerns With Third Party Embeds
The Platform does not control what data third parties collect or what they will do with it. So, third-party embeds on the Platform are not covered by this Privacy Policy. They are covered by the privacy policy of the third-party service.
 
Sharing Personal Information With Third Party Embeds
Some embeds may ask you for Personal Information, such as your email address, through a form. We do our best to keep bad actors off of the Platform. However, if you choose to submit your information to a third party this way, we don’t know what they may do with it. As explained above, their actions are not covered by this Privacy Policy. So, please be careful when you see embedded forms on the Platform asking for your email address or any other Personal Information. Make sure you understand who you are submitting your information to and what they say they plan to do with it. We suggest that you do not submit Personal Information to any third-party through an embedded form.
 
Creating Your Own Third Party Embed
If you embed a form that allows submission of Personal Information by users, you must provide near the embedded form a prominent link to an applicable Privacy Policy that clearly states how you intend to use any information collected. Failure to do so may lead the Company to disable the post or take other action to limit or disable your account.
 
How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm?
We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others:
 
 
In response to a legal request (e.g. a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good-faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdiction outside of India when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction and is consistent with internationally recognised standards.
 
When we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Products, breaches of our Terms or Policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Products), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products.
 
Information we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made with PdfScanner can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. We also retain information from accounts disabled for term breaches for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term breaches.
 
 
 
CHILDREN AND OUR SERVICES
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
 
 
AMENDMENTS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
PdfScanner may amend the Privacy Policy posted on the Website from time to time at its sole discretion. Your continued access or use of the Platform or Services constitute your acceptance of the amendments. Your access and use of the Platform and Services will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use, rules and guidelines posted on the Website at the time of such use. Please regularly check the link on the home page to view the most current Privacy Policy.
 
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy, kindly contact us at prajjwal@kickhead.in
